feat(config): new default value for `mempool.max_txs_bytes` parameter (#2767)
cometbft/cometbft: docs/references/config/config.toml.md

The value `0` is undefined.

> ### mempool.max_tx_bytes

Author: Moved up.

Maximum size in bytes of a single transaction accepted into the mempool.
```toml
max_tx_bytes = 1048576
```

| Value type          | integer |
|:--------------------|:--------|
| **Possible values** | &gt;= 0 |

Transactions bigger than the maximum configured size are rejected by mempool,
this applies to both transactions submitted by clients via RPC endpoints, and
transactions receveing from peers on the mempool protocol.

### mempool.max_txs_bytes
The maximum size in bytes of all transactions stored in the mempool.
```toml
max_txs_bytes = 67108864
```

| Value type          | integer |
|:--------------------|:--------|
| **Possible values** | &gt;= 0 |

> This is the raw, total transaction size. For example, given 1MB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the raw, total size in bytes of all transactions in the mempool. For example, given 1MB
```
`total transaction size` might need some better clarification ?

transactions and a 5MB maximum mempool byte size, the mempool will
only accept five transactions.

The maximum mempool byte size should be a factor of the network's maximum block size
(which is a [consensus parameter](https://docs.cometbft.com/v1.0/spec/abci/abci++_app_requirements#blockparamsmaxbytes)).
The rationale is to consider how many blocks have to be produced in order to

> drain all transactions stored in a full mempool.

Reviewer: Should we add a blurb of text saying what happens if the mempool is "full" ? We added that to the max tx size, but probably would be important to also highlight the fact that if the mempool is considered full txs won't be accepted ?
